Add text around Server Name Indication (#1)
radext-wg/draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis: draft-ietf-radext-radiusdtls-bis.md

[^pskid]: TODO: What is the correct term here? "PSK Identifier"? Probably not "TLS Identifier" as it was in RFC6614

## Server Identity

For clients it may be important to uniquely identify a server, i.e. to decide whether all connections to this server are down or if there is already an active connection to a server that was discovered using dynamic discovery described in {{RFC7585}}.
In RADIUS/UDP a server identity could be simply described as the tuple of destination IP address and destination port.

> For RADIUS/(D)TLS, this distinction is not that simple, i.e. because different RADIUS servers are hidden behind a load balancer with one public IP address, and the load balancer dispatches the connections based on the Server Name Indication in the first TLS handshake record.

Author: ```suggestion
For RADIUS/(D)TLS, this distinction is not that simple, i.e. because different RADIUS servers may be hidden behind a load balancer with one public IP address, and the load balancer dispatches the connections based on the Server Name Indication in the first TLS handshake record.
```

> Therefore, a RAIDUS/(D)TLS server is uniquely identified by the destination IP address, transport protocol (DTLS or TLS), destination port and server name as used in the Server Name Indication during the TLS handshake.

Reviewer: What about 7585, where the destination IP isn't known in advance?

I think it's preferable to base server identity on the presented server credentials.  i.e. the certificate, and not any IP/port information.

That is, we have multiple connections to the same server certificate (or similar certificate identification fields), then the client should treat all of those connections as being similar.

Author: See discussion on the ML on that one:
https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/radext/pX1cn_RnaRnqeu5MBXc-sohK_SQ

> Connections MUST NOT be treated as connections to the same servers if the presented server certificate is the same.

Reviewer: This seems backwards to me?  Is this a typo, or am I missing something?

Since some attributes of the RADIUS packets within the TLS tunnel contain values that an attacker could at least partially choose (i.e. username, MAC address or EAP message), there is a possibility for compression-related attacks, that could potentially reveal data in other RADIUS attributes through length of the TLS record.
To circumvent this attack, this specification forbids the usage of TLS compression.

The specification in {{RFC6614}} did not include any text around Server Name Indication (SNI).
This is most likely due to the fact that the initial incentive of the specification was to just provide an easy-to-migrate-to security layer for existing RADIUS deployments.
With the TLS layer, several features of TLS can be used to add deployment scenarios that otherwise would not have been possible.

> By adding Server Name Indication, a RAIDUS/(D)TLS server can now provide different services (i.e. access to different roaming consortia) under the same destination IP address and port, or could distinguish clients by the server name they use in the SNI extension of the TLS Client Hello and present a different server certificate or apply specific policies.

Reviewer: I'm not clear how a server can "distinguish clients" by SNI.  Perhaps instead just "present different identities to clients based on SNI".

Reviewer 2: Well, the simplest is a load balancer that dispatches based upon SNI.
The next simplest is a server that is basically setup a la ApacheVirtualHosts.

Author: How about this:

```suggestion
By adding Server Name Indication, a RAIDUS/(D)TLS server can now provide different services (i.e. access to different roaming consortia) under the same destination IP address and port, or could present different certificates to clients or apply specific policies depending the server name the clients use in the SNI extension of the TLS Client Hello.
```
